---
title: "my death"
date: 2022-05-20 21:38 +0100
categories: really-short-fiction
---

Will the news of my death cause you grief? For years and years, I have tried to get you to notice me, to give me a little bit of your attention, which you seem to have no trouble showering on everybody else. I am at my wit's end. You must find me repulsive, don’t you?  
When I was a boy, maybe around five—according to my mother—my father brought home a toy car. You have to understand; this was a very rare occurrence: only once before had he brought home anything for me, and that time it was a pair of school shoes—uninteresting to a child that age. The car had doors that could open, unlike the painted-on doors of the car the boy living in the house across the street from ours had; it was remote-controlled; it was almost as big as my kid-size arm, and when I turned it on, it sounded better than my father’s real car. It was perfect, and I loved it more than anything. I played with it all the time. Literally. I hated the night because that would mean I had to sleep and be separated from the object of my love. It was with me everywhere I went: the bathroom, outside (in the heat of the northern sun), church, school, and the convenience store down the street where we did most of our grocery shopping. Do you see where I’m going with this? Before long, the triple-A-battery-powered engine gave out, the hinges that held the doors in place broke, and, one after the other, the tires came off.  
This is the intensity of my love. Its hold is so tight it’s suffocating. I played with that car, even after it had become just a husk with no doors or tires until there was nothing left. Is this what you see in me, why you keep me farther than your arm’s length? Will my death cause you grief?  
I die tomorrow.
